[Teams] Update install-cloudflare-cert.md (#2342)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: products/cloudflare-one/src/content/connections/connect-devices/warp/install-cloudflare-cert.md

# Install the Cloudflare certificate

<Aside type='note'>
 

> This procedure is only required to enable specific Cloudflare for Teams features, and should only be done at the direction of your IT department. This procedure is not required for WARP consumer usage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This procedure is only required to enable specific Cloudflare for Teams features, and should only be done at the direction of your IT department. This procedure is not required for the WARP Client for consumers.
```

Reviewer: I think the original sentence was a bit weird, but I'm not sure if my suggestion makes more sense. Wdyt?
